in this coaching session that happens
during one of our public q&as we meet a
stand-up comic who's very concerned
about how to do it better only to
discover the real reason she's doing it
at all my question is um how do I be my
authentic self especially on stage
because I've gotten a lot of feedback
from people like what's your what's
what's your what what uh stage doing
what like stand up comedy oh
it's an interesting question right
there's
like with comedy in particular you're
you're putting on an act and yet you
still want to be authentic right it's
like that there's both things
happening right right um is the question
how do you be authentic or is the
question how do I not be
self-conscious what's the question just
to be clear
yeah I think it would be how to not be
self-conscious because what I've gotten
feedback from a lot of coaches or is um
like I don't I don't want to hear that
they say I don't care so right now
you're
self-conscious yeah yeah how
self-conscious are you on a scale of
like one to 100 the most self-conscious
you've ever
been oh right now um yeah hundreds the
most self-c you've ever been zero is
like hanging out with your best friend
in that like Moment of Zen oh just with
a lot of practice I've I'm probably like
40% you're 40% self-conscious right now
and yeah can you make it
39 yes how did you do that just looking
at you on the zoom instead of looking at
me and you yeah yeah so how about just
look at you for a minute on the zoom
okay did you become less or more
self-conscious think
more you said I
think yeah you would you would know so
just look at yourself for a minute see
see what see how how do you become just
1% less self-conscious looking at
yourself
who that something just happened what
was that that was
good just I don't I think I just felt
like taking up more space um like
settling comfortably in the
space
yeah yeah so connection with
me made you less self-conscious
connection with with
yourself just made you less
self-conscious now I've just said the
word connection and that's making you
less self-conscious you're like oh I can
just like access connection and you're
yeah yeah so but but what's interesting
what just happened there is that and
then you
laughed which was your authenticity and
that made you self-conscious and so you
stopped the laugh God okay did you see
it did you feel
it now I'm more aware it yes yeah okay
and then when I pointed it out you beat
yourself
up
you and there that was authentic look at
and then you went that was what's going
on here so
much so much just because
uh like when I get up on stage people go
I don't want to hear the story quite yet
so so when you beat yourself up you're
less in
connection when you you had this emotion
and you were like oh I don't like I
don't I don't want to be seen in this
emotion you're less in
connection
yeah
yeah what do you think makes
it who's the performer who holds that
who who is the performer that you want
to emulate that holds back their
emotions
oh
uh I can't think of anyone um okay so
what makes you hold back
yours because at least a grand majority
of the performers that you want to
emulate are actually fully having their
emotional experience on
stage dang um
I think I just keep hearing um dead pan
is really good for me so I try to do
Dead Pan
um first of all I I'm about to [__]
crack
up that's like the best setup for a joke
ever okay I keep on hearing dead pan is
good for
me
sorry I have a very weird sense of humor
okay the
the yeah but that's not authentic you
didn't ask me how do I do the things
that people have told me to do you asked
me how do I be
authentic yeah how much have you got
into comedy actually just as a way to
learn how to express your
emotions oh uh I don't think I'm no not
conscious about that it was really just
because that's my biggest phobia to get
up on
stage and then because I'm so scared I
go into performance mode and I'm like
that's not me
either that's it's actually kind of cool
but I went I got on stage to face my
biggest
phobia so there is some sort of Des
desire to have emotional fluidity to not
feel stuck emotionally if you're trying
to yeah
yeah
yeah so what's the question
now
oh I guess yeah how do I
not ask with connection be in the
connection and then ask me your
question okay
um
I my question
is what can I do
to be connected from the start with
myself
um I think I give into the
fear and I don't settle down for five
minutes connect with the
fear okay like right
now connect to the fear like you just
connected with yourself or you like
connected with me
that's how you do it you just did
it I literally just said fear I love you
yeah yeah that's
it yeah
yeah yeah that's how you cure a phob
that's how you cure phobia
okay okay done thanks